Hello.
In the first two videos in this class, we
saw a lot of examples of images.
If you manage to see behind me, I wrote,
images are everywhere,
images are everywhere.
And, I want to show you a few additional
examples just to make clear, that almost
any area you're interested on or you're
working on, images are part of that area.
So let's just illustrate something that
is important to understand some of the
slides that I'm going to be using next
and I'm going to use this image that
basically is the, beautiful image is
basically the first picture that was
taken by a US spacecraft of the moon.
So the image was taken from the, from
this spacecraft and basically, some of
the, slides that they're going to be
using, you're going to see that half the
cover of the book.
And, basically, the title of the books,
one of the books that we recommend in the
website for this class.
And often, also the captions from that
figure.
So a lot of the material, a lot, a lot of
the images on the slides for the first
few weeks of the class are taken from
this book.
And then, and basically, this will help
you to go in case you have the book or
you have access to a library with the
book.
You can go.
And look at the images, and the material
around it.
At the book, not only from my video
lectures.
So, let us continue with different
examples of images.
One important thing that I want to
illustrate is that we are mostly familiar
with images that we can see with our
naked eye.
But these are actually a very, very small
part.
Just these very, very small part of this
spectrum.
Images actually can be captured.
In much, much larger spectrum as you can
see here.
Really, really the images that we take
with our cameras are a very, very small
portion of the whole spectrum.
And let me just give you a few examples
of that.
For example, these are examples from
X-rays and its X-ray imaging.
Some of it we are very familiar.
When we hear about X-ray we normally have
this in mind.
But X-rays are also used, for example, as
we can see here for the inspection of
printed circuits.
Actually one of the most.
Successful areas of image processing is
in the automatic inspection of,
basically, every.
Printed circuit, every computer, every
piece of electronic that gets to our
homes.
We can have also ultra-violet imaging as
we can see here,
different examples.
We can have also light microscopy
imaging.
This is normally used a lot in, for
biological images.
But not only.
Once again we see microscopic imaging
used for the inspection of printed
circuits.
So we see here that similar applications
actually use imaging in different parts
of the spectrum.
These are satellite images so movality
called land satile basically they take
images in, in different spectral bands
and eh, this are very important for
numerous applications as well.
Here is another satellite image.
Same technology, same type of technology,
not exactly the same technology.
But same type of technology for a very
different application.
The previous slide was for example, to
understand the material in the grade
here, is basically to track a hurricane.
We have also satellite images of the
Americas and this illustration is to
basically just help you locate in the map
where are these images from so here we
have this region.
And, of course we have, the natural
images that we are used to see, basically
images that we can take with our cameras
and then we can look at them with our,
own naked eyes.
And once again, those are used for
numerous applications coming again,
printed circuit applications, inspection,
for example of different, manufacturing
processing or, different kind of
applications, of course our own images.
This is just, you know picture of a
dollar bill or a picture of a license of
a car, all these taken with the same type
of technology, but really, for very, very
different applications.
And once again, it's very important to
understand, that there is not only a
large variability in the type of images
that we can acquire.
But sometimes we use multiple to acquire
the same.
Image and obtain different information
the different modalities will give us
different information about the same
scene.
So we are looking we are observing the
same scene by with different modalities
with different cameras to save in one
word and we can obtain different types of
information.
This is ultrasound, another basically
spectrum of the type of images that we
can acquire, and we are normally very
familiar with this type of technology.
And yet, on our type of images that we
can acquire.
And finally, the last example I want to
give you in this very, very large
ensemble and very broad ensemble of
images, are basically artificial images
that are being created in the computer.
Normally, the image processing that is
done for these type of images is very
different than the image processing that
is done for images that are acquire.
And then, and then,
enter it into the computer.
We're not going to be talking a lot in
this class about basically images that
were created in the computer from
scratch.
We're going to be talking about images
that were basically were acquired and
then enter into the computer for some
analysis for processing.
So these are just some examples.
And now what we're going to do next is
basically go inside and understand the
basic components of images.
What are pixels and how images are
manipulated.
And we're going to already see some
examples of very simple processing in
images, but still very useful ones.